what's going on guys the mark and saying
from technobuffalo and on today's
episode of rumor roundup we'll be
talking a bit about the HTC One m9
Apple's plan to release a 4-inch iphone
6s mini and the 12-inch MacBook Air
we've been waiting for may finally go
into production as early as next year
this is rumor roundup let's start
rounding those rumors up we've already
heard a ton of river surround HTC's next
flagship phone including what may be a
near complete description of the
upcoming handset now an updated list of
specs claim to reveal exactly what the
device will offer according to the usual
anonymous reports HTC's new flagship
smartphone will come equipped with a
5-inch 1080p display a snapdragon 810
processor 3 gigabytes of ram a 20.7
megapixel camera a 13 megapixel or for
ultra pixel front facing camera and a
2840 milliamp battery it's also expected
to run android 5.0 lollipop with a
latest version of sense the device will
apparently come in grey silver gold and
gunmetal gold color options and launch
sometime in March 2015 now if you're
disappointed that this next flagship
devices and sporting a you HD screen
don't forget that HTC is also said to be
working on a prime variant with a bigger
screen and more power under the hood so
there would be options for everything
Apple's long rumored 12-inch MacBook Air
may finally hit stores next year reports
are saying production for the ultra-thin
laptop will apparently kick off in the
first quarter of 2015 around the same
time as Apple watch reports are also
saying the new macbook air won't be
cheap and stock could be limited at
launch which isn't really news to us but
that was already expected and based on
earlier reports were expecting the
12-inch MacBook Air to sport a thinner
design and current models and replace
apples current magsafe charging
connector with something new it could
also feature a fanless designs super
thin bezels and a more compact keyboard
also to redesign macbook will apparently
come in gold silver and grey options
just like the latest crop of iPhones and
iPads now hopefully we won't have to
wait too much longer for an official
confirmation from Cupertino last but not
least Apple went big this year with a
4.7 inch iphone 6 and a 5.5 inch iphone
six plus but the company may return a
smaller form factor in 2015 according to
one industry analyst the smaller iPhone
would apparently be just one of three
new devices alongside an upgraded iphone
6s and iPhone 6s plus and I don't think
that's not a bad idea at all it would
give Apple a more balanced mobile lineup
and even more ammo against its
competition if anything the 4 inch
device could be an affordable way for
people to jump into the iOS ecosystem
and if Apple is planning to release a
new 4 inch smartphone it shouldn't be
too long before the first component
start to leak out hopefully we'll have a
better sense of the company's plans soon
anyways that's it for this episode of
rumor roundup make sure to check us out
at technobuffalo calm for the latest and
greatest tech news and as always the
märklin sanger from TechnoBuffalo i'll
see you guys in the next one thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
if you guys would like to see more make
sure to hit that subscribe button down
below and we'd like to play video games
every now and then in this office so
make sure to check us out at twitch TV /
technobuffalo and we hope to see you
guys there